# Setlist: B-Boys B-GrownFolk! (Saturday night)

[Click for stream replay](https://www.reddit.com/rpan/r/RedditSets/ndg116)

 * Black Rob - Whoa
 * Xzibit - Shroomz
 * The Roots - Hustla - feat. STS (bonus track)
 * The B.U.M.S. - Let the Music Take Your Mind
 * Redman - I Got A Secret
 * Nas - Warrior Song (feat. Alicia Keys)
 * Ms. Jade - Jade's A Champ
 * Kanye West - Two Words (feat. Mos Def, Freeway & The Harlem Boys Choir)
 * The High & Mighty - Hands on Experience, Part 2 (feat. Kool Keith, What?What? & Bobbito Garcia)
 * Ghostface Killah - Kilo (feat. Raekwon)
 * Handsome Boy Modeling School - Magnetizing (feat. Del the Funky Homosapien)
 * Mos Def & Talib Kweli - Twice Inna Lifetime
 * Redman - Cosmic Slop
 * Reflection Eternal - Just Begun (feat. J. Cole, Jay Electronica & Mos Def)
 * Kanye West - Homecoming (feat. Chris Martin)
 * MF DOOM - Hey!
 * OutKast - Southernplayalisticadillacmuzik
 * UGK - Murder
 * The J.B.'s - Doing It to Death, Part 1

Soft transition to Twitch, but bounced back to Reddit

[Click for stream replay](https://www.reddit.com/rpan/r/RedditSets/ndgyv5)

 * Nas - The World Is Yours
 * Little Simz/Cleo Sol - Woman
 * Polyrhythm Addicts - Motion 2000
 * X-Clan - Speak the Truth (feat. KRS-One)
 * Fat Joe, Remy Ma, French Montana, InfaRed - All The Way Up
 * John Legend - Used to Love U
 * Mic Geronimo - Shit's Real
 * Talib Kweli - Hostile Gospel, Part 1 (Deliver Us)
 * 38 Spesh - Toll Booth feat. Ransom & Klass Murda
 * Son Of Bazerk featuring No Self Control And The Band - Are You Wit Me
 * Camp Lo - Rockin' It AKA Spanish Harlem
 * Dr. Dre - 05 - Big Ego's
 * Genius/GZA - 4th Chamber
 * Kidz in the Hall - Drivin' Down the Block (Low End Theory)
 * Missy Elliott - Get Ur Freak On
 * Redman - Journey Throo Da Darkside
 * Run The Jewels - Out Of Sight (Ft. 2 Chainz)
 * Scaramanga - 7XL
 * The Roots - Rock You
 * Blu Cantrell - Hit 'em Up Style (Oops!)
 * CL - Lifted
 * DJ Shepdog - Fugees Playground
 * Erykah Badu - Turn Me Away (Get Munny)
 * Janet - Got 'til It's Gone (feat. Q-Tip & Joni Mitchell)
 * J Cole - Let Go My Hand feat. Bas & Puff Daddy
 * Main Source - Just A Friendly Game Of Baseball [Remix]
 * Mos Def & Talib Kweli - Children's Story
 * Pete Rock & C.L. Smooth - All the Places
 * Tiye Phoenix, Queen Herawin, Stahhr - Kill Bill 3
 * Bahamadia - Special Forces
 * J Cole - Close
 * DJ Clue, DMX, Jadakiss, Styles, Eve, Drag-On - Ruff Ryders Anthem
 * J.PERIOD - Ms. Fat Crooklyn [J.PERIOD Remix] feat. A Tribe Called Quest
 * Little Brother - All for You (feat. Darien Brockington)
 * Nas - Still Dreaming (feat. Kanye West & Chrisette Michele)
 * Slum Village - Fall In Love
 * A Tribe Called Quest feat. Faith Evans - Stressed Out
 * Al B. Sure! - Nite and day
 * Billy Ocean - When The Going Gets Tough, The Tough Get Going
 * Lightnin' Rod - Sport
 * Heavy D. & The Boyz - Now That We Found Love
 * KC and The Sunshine Band - Boogie Shoes
 * Madonna - Music
 * Spanky Wilson, The Quantic Soul Orchestra - Don't Joke With a Hungry Man, Pt. 2
 * Stacy Lattisaw - Nail It to the Wall
 * The Brothers Johnson - Stomp!
 * Deee-Lite - Groove Is In The Heart
 * Me'Shell NdegéOcello - I'm Diggin' You (Like an Old Soul Record)
 * The Time - Jerk Out
 * George Kranz - Din Daa Daa
 * K'naan - ABC's (feat. Chubb Rock)
 * Missy Elliott - Gossip Folks (feat. Ludacris)
 * The Roots - How I Got Over - feat. Dice Raw
 * Deniece Williams - Let's Hear It For The Boy
 * Klymaxx - Man Size Love
 * Midnight Star - Engine No. 9
 * Teena Marie - Lovergirl
 * Boney M. - Daddy Cool
