# Setlist: B-Boys B-GrownFolk! (Saturday night)

[Click for stream replay](https://www.reddit.com/rpan/r/RedditSets/nyokda)

 * The Lasso - No Illusions
 * Polyrhythm Addicts - Motion 2000
 * Nas - The World Is Yours
 * The Pharcyde - Passing Me By
 * A Tribe Called Quest - Verses From the Abstract
 * Common - The Bitch in Yoo
 * Digable Planets - The Art of Easing
 * DJ Shepdog - Who Shot Ya?
 * Jeru the Damaja - Come Clean
 * Mic Geronimo - Shit's Real
 * MC Lyte, Nefertiti, Patra, Queen Latifah, Salt 'N' Pepa, Lisa Left Eye Lopez, Yo-Yo - Freedom (Theme From Panther) (Dallas' Dirty Half Dozen mix - rap)
 * Erykah Badu - Danger f. China Blac
 * Fugees - Ready or Not
 * Kidz in the Hall - Drivin' Down the Block (Low End Theory)
 * Lost Boyz - Jeeps, Lex Coupes, Bimaz & Benz
 * OutKast - Ain't No Thang
 * Run The Jewels - Out Of Sight (Ft. 2 Chainz)
 * The Roots - Rock You
 * Wu-Tang Clan - C.R.E.A.M.
 * Boogie Down Productions - The Bridge Is Over
 * Eve - Let Me Blow Ya Mind (feat. Gwen Stefani)
 * Bahamadia - Special Forces
 * Common - Black Maybe
 * Pete Rock - It's a Love Thing (feat. C.L. Smooth & Denosh)
 * Snoop Doggy Dogg - Murder Was The Case (ft. Dat Nigga Daz)
 * Talib Kweli - Guerrilla Monsoon Rap (feat. Black Thought & Pharoahe Monch)
 * Wu-Tang Clan - Triumph (Feat. Cappadonna)
 * A Tribe Called Quest - Jazz (We've Got)
 * Boot Camp Clik - Leflaur Leflah Eshkoshka (feat. O.G.C. As The Fab 5)
 * Busta Rhymes - Woo Hah!! Got You All in Check
 * Cocoa Brovaz - Spit Again (feat. Dawn Penn)
 * Dr. Dre - Let Me Ride
 * Fu-Schnickens - Ring the Alarm
 * Jungle Brothers, De La & ATCQ - How Ya Want It We Got It
 * MC Breed - Gotta Get Mine
 * Pete Rock & Cl Smooth - Sun Won't Come Out
 * Roots Manuva - 1Hope
 
 
